In the last lecture we created that basic plus card we could say a card with a content and a header.
Not super amazing but it already does not look that bad.
However we need more information on our card.
We also need a link to click favorite or unfavorite before adding that link.
Let me work on the card content.
The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to wrap my quote here in a paragraph because I also want
to add another paragraph where I output the offer or the person who made this quote so we can access
this at quote person with this property.
You can see that this property exists and I'll quote data.
And with that we should now see that we have a multi-line card here with the text and then the person.
But the issue is the person does not really stand out.
You're right.
We're not really able to recognize that this is the offer.
I'll come back to this issue.
But let's first finish the card content wise and let's add a button.
You favorite this how can we do this.
It would be nice to have this button below this content here and there a couple of ways to achieve this.
I'm going to show you how to do this with the ionic grid ironic to ships with its own grid.
And as always you can learn more about it by simply going to the component documentation and their grid.
It's a grid as you might know it from Ambrosius as frameworks where you have this great wrapper.
Then you can place rows inside of it your rows may have columns and you can optionally define the width
of such columns.
If you don't define the widths they will automatically split up the available content.
Since this grid uses flex blocks s.c.s as feature.
So this is the grid you can use and you can use it anywhere in your ionic to templates not just in a
card anywhere.
I'm going to use elements of this grid in a card though.
So let's go back to our application I want to go below my cart content here and start adding iron row.
So this means this is my content.
Text wise now I'm adding a row for buttons and so on.
You could also add grid to wrap the row but this would introduce additional spacing which I don't want
to have.
So I'm starting with iron row and then I'll add I call a column.
Now I want this column to stretch over the full width so I'm not providing any with property.
You could do it like with 50 to have this column only take up half the space.
Instead as I just said I want to Rapide or I want to take up all the space however I want to align any
text to the right text right as the help or directive which does this.
I showed you where to find more about those helper directives at the end of the last core section so
inside of this column I now want to have a button which allows me to favorite this quote here.
So the caption could be favorite.
And on this button of course 150 I and Button directive to make it look nice.
Now if we do it like this let's see how this looks if we really DIAK go to the library click on a category.
We get this fact favorite button here at the bottom right.
It doesn't look super bad but I don't like how that button stands out.
Thankfully we get different ways of styling buttons.
And here again just search nowhere to learn more.
We can have a look at the buttons documentation to learn about all the different styles.
And I really like that style here the clear style where we don't have any border.
So what I'll do is I'm going to add another directive to the button which is named clear and once I
edit this if we have a look at our app you'll see that.
Now we simply get the text here without any outline without any background.
This looks pretty good but you can also change the sizing.
We can set it to small.
Alternatives would be medium which is the default.
And big.
Now of small does should look much better.
Now we have a decent little favorite button which doesn't stand out too much but it's clearly wearable.
Now with the buttons styled correctly of course all that a click listener and I want to say on ADD to
favorite as a method name here to add this quote as a favorite.
And of course I need to pass the quote.
Remember this is the variable from the loop you're doing it on ADD favorite method.
Once we handle it so of we can use it.
Once we handle it I should say now I have to come back to the spot later when we actually are able to
favorite a quote because then we also need to have a way to switch this button for a unfavorite button.
But for now I'm going to leave it like this.
And with Dad we created a nice little code card here.
With some text
the offer and this nice button.
Now what I still want to change is to style of this offer.
We're going to do this in the next lecture